**Meeting 04 28/09/25:**<br/>
Attendees: Chandler, Griffin, Noorjahan, Patricia, Romy, Sunidhi<br/>

Agenda:
* Discuss flask for backend
* Review new user stories
* Database table discussion

Notes:
* All focus teams working on backend agree to use Flask to manage the Python backend
* Discord channels will be created for each focus on the server
* User stories for sprint 2
  * Will reorganize the current user stories to add tags by sprint
  * Improve clairity
  * Continue to come up with user stories for Sprint 2
* Database table
  * users ->password, ID, events, ticktets, role, history
  * events ->title, location, description, date, time, catagory, capacity, paid/free, organizer ID, status of event, attendees, rating of event (5 Star)
  * organizers ->ID, name, role, password, event info
  * 
Goals for next meeting
* By next meeting we aim to have Flask set up
