**Meeting 06 07/10/25:**<br/>
Attendees: Noorjahan, Rim, Reema<br/>

Agenda:
* Review Canva resign
* Admin frontent

Notes:
* Canva was reviews
* Tasks were deleagted
  * 1 persn makes the CSS
  * 1 person makes student and organizer dashboards (basically the same)
  * 1 person makes events dashboard
* Discussion of layout
  
Goals for next meeting:
* Review frontend admin code
* Put everything on git hub
